energy is about to get a lot more
expensive you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you we have
people complaining about the cost that
they experience in their daily lives I
hear it all the time but understand that
it's about to get much more expensive
I'm going to explain the reason why and
this will affect people differently
depending on where you are so you want
to pay attention doesn't matter if
you're in the United States or Europe or
wherever let me tell you this is coming
fast let's begin here we have it you
could see OPEC plus weighs further oil
production Cuts as anger mounts over
Gaza Saudi Arabia prepares to prolong
reductions into the spring after price
hits a 4mon low of $77 it went down even
further than that there are talks of $70
a barrel at the time of this recording
and so what we can see very clearly is
that this is one major commodity that is
basically in everything you look at
what's made out of this oil I mean it's
incredible and and now we have the
thought that they're going to continue
these production Cuts maybe even more in
order to put the screws on certain
countries and that is an important uh
difference from what we had seen not
long ago but these things do happen and
we see these cycles and we hope we hope
we are not in the same situation as the
1970s why is that the case well of
course not just because of the prices
that we experienced oil shock if you
ever read read any of these books from
this time frame you would see how
detrimental this was to the economy to
the jobs and everything else but I'm
going to save something for the end
because that's where we get into the
real mess which we've been tracking over
the past 3 years let me break this down
a little further though as it relates to
energy now if you are part of this
YouTube channel you've been subscribed
to me at least since 2020 or you are in
the finance Friday group we have a live
group that connects together as part of
what I call the mentorship group they
know about uranium in fact we have one
of the members who made some money off
of this and I'm glad that what at least
one person that I know did but if you
are out there and you understand what
has happened with uranium please let me
know let me know in the comments below I
appreciate it look because hedge funds
are piling into your uranium stocks and
they are set for a dramatic rise that's
right now this was from uh the end of
October but this is I'll show you it's
been going on for a while okay I've been
tracking this a lot I've been just be
begging and pleading people please look
at uranium please look at it and this is
just one example okay one factor look
uranium prices have soared
125% since the end of 2020 so you could
made some gains during this period of
time and in fact in in you know
depending on how you purchase it because
of course you get the physical Sprout
ETF you could buy companies like Cho
which I've talked about before there's
there's a million different ways however
in general this has moved up for a lot
of these stocks you could have been
buying any time you didn't have to time
this and you would have made multiples
on your cash and it was there for a
specific reason okay why did this go up
well um I've been talking about it for a
while but anyway IA estimates Global
nuclear capacity needs to double by 2050
so the energy demands unless we go into
some cataclysmic event where we don't
require power anymore the energy demands
are going to continue to go up and as a
result of that we need more energy where
is that energy going to come from well
we'll talk about that in this video and
that is essentially right now we're
using coal we're using you know in some
cases people using biomass like burning
stuff if they need to and they're saying
all that stuff that creates pollution so
we've got to go to this other thing okay
we got to go to wind we got to go to
solar we got to go to you know whatever
whatever is the new thing the the you
know electric vehicles we going in that
direction and you might say that's not
good this isn't good but they're
spending the money on it but the one
that is so you know suppressed over the
last several years many many years has
been nuclear energy they didn't want it
and especially when Fukushima came
around it was like we're not touching
that the problem one of the problems is
that you build a nuclear plant on a
fault line that get tsunamis I mean the
the ring of fire there are areas that
don't experience these things that might
be much better areas to have it Japan
anyway they didn't want to rely on
importing that's that's the case there
but they have to be able to withstand
the earthquakes withstand these natural
disasters in order to make it feasible
in these places look now this was from a
little while back but some are
suggesting equities in in this um Market
uranium prices that they could see a
dramatic upside 50% 100% possibly more
and of course when you see the
negativity around something when
something is so
unloved that becomes a potential
opportunity right now I'm not telling
you to buy I was telling people in 2020
now we've come up quite a bit they're
still saying there's so much demand they
haven't been using what they need like
we need to increase our um you know the
the capacity and they're just not doing
that right now Exxon makes lithium play
play in long-term bet on EV demand but
it's going to take up until
2027 and so that means yes they're
investing in it they're making that
happen it's bullish for Arkansas it's
bullish for the United States in general
it's good for Exxon as well it's going
to take a while to get this online okay
several years I mean we're almost in
2024 at the time of this recording but
still a few years down the road that's
if everything is going well so we know
that they still need to rely on other
players in the business less Supply High
higher prices you get it all right
heating homes with natural gas is more
than 40% cheaper than electricity where
we are getting our electricity right now
is too expensive and certainly people
are feeling the pinch that connects me
with this world lacks enough L for
energy transition that's right all right
so you could see that what we need this
stuff there's demand we want to go to
this Renewable Energy electric vehicles
and all that but do we have enough stuff
yet if the answer is no where do we got
to go LNG natural gas we also have to
look at what's available to us today for
our energy needs and that's why during
2020 there was such a surge in Coal
because that was available that was
there right now and there was weren't as
many mines so the price shot up into you
know record highs essentially what about
this the world needs to invest $7
trillion to ensure the gas supply
through 2050 amitt a shift to cleaner
sources think about that the scenario
assumes a 56% reduction in emissions by
2050 as emerging Nations won't hit Net
Zero by the middle of the century are
they going to do that are they going to
invest $7 trillion to ensure the gas
supply through 2050 does that make like
is that realistic so we can have a
couple scenarios here in which they
don't do that the price goes up
dramatically that's the way it is
supplying demand if they don't do that
maybe they have to seek alternative
sources maybe they're going to go back
to Coal maybe they're going to do that
or are they going to choose something
else we don't know but it will be
determined on where that investment is
the Partnerships the deals that's why I
track this all here on this channel it
may not seem too interesting but me
being able to tell people two and three
years before things occur before the big
surges occur it's because I get into
this level of detail all I ask is that
you hit that thumbs up and you're on
this channel you come back day to day to
day and yeah it might not be the most
fun stuff in the world but you could be
doing some good things like the members
of the finance Friday group all right
kudos to those who uh check that out now
we have some changes coming up no it's
not like uh Tupac Changes but there are
some
things one of those is this a moment of
truth is coming for the oil and gas
industry structural changes in the
energy sector are now moving fast enough
to deliver peak in oil and gas Demand by
the end of the decade under today's
policy settings wait a second what are
they saying we're going towards
Renewables we're going to do electric
vehicles and how do we do that we
restrict where people or potentially
when and even you know how much people
are able to drive in certain areas you
want to drive in the middle of the city
you better be an electric vehicle oh
there's waivers for this group and that
group but not you How do you get around
well how can you how can you drive if
you don't have electric vehicle oh
that's okay you could take the public
transit so now you got to live within
that that area where you can move via
their systems this is how they can
control this is what's happening you
could say ah you know what no way not
going to happen City by City day by day
this is what's going on Saudi Arabia
lines up new trade deals Beyond oil so
Saudi Arabia obviously was a one-trick
pony for a long time and now they are
spending billions and billions they're
getting they're making offers to Leonel
Messi they're going out to Cristiano
Ronaldo they have their own version of
you know MMA like a UFC type fighting
they you know the livv golf They are
doing anything that they can in order to
get the business and look let's be
honest billions are being thrown in
their Direction and so they realize this
they are diversifying out of this did
they see the writing on the wall that
maybe oil is going to be less in demand
a 100 years from now 50 years from now
20 years from now could be right why
else would they bother why not be that
one trick pony do it real well invested
everything into that I'm interested to
hear your thoughts please let me know
why is Saudi Arabia doing this why are
they diversifying like they are profit
at China's top Wind Farm slumps
98% if there's one thing I've heard
about wind it's
that a lot of the time it's not working
I'm not saying it doesn't work but I've
heard and and you know secondhand about
so many cases that the wind um wind
turbines are just off just not working
not operating and so you're not making
money they're not doing this at a time
in which it's needed they're telling us
we need to get on renewable and this is
what's happening we've got an issue here
very clearly so when you go to invest
don't just blindly invest know what
you're doing here here got to make the
right decision so what can you expect
out of this okay all right you made it
to the end I talked about at the
beginning you're still here and so you
get the real deal understand this if we
are moving into an environment in which
prices are elevated you are going to
witness this if you got a shortage of
one type of energy you're going to see
higher prices if higher if there are
higher prices then will they be able to
basically come in and with the central
bank and start to cut interest rates as
a result of this we need to make it
easier on you we need to watch out
there's a suddenly a recession there's a
Slowdown let's cut interest rates they
are going to increase the money printing
the with interest rates everything else
that they can do all the different modes
of you know monetary fiscal policy and
this could fuel inflation even further
now you might not see that in one place
or the other but this shows up and
you've got to watch it very clearly my
biggest concern is not deflation
deflation is welcomed in today's world
but instead we can expect more inflation
this is a big concern I thank you uh for
sticking with me until that point if you
want to be part of that group you've got
to go to this page on my website the
link is in the descript description
where we talk about these things I show
the charts every Friday and you could
look at this and I've been bang on why
is it because of my crystal wall no it's
because I follow What's called the money
mirror method and I utilize this in
order to determine where we are in the
cycle and I've been able to help my
small group understand exactly what's
going on okay Link in the description
this is
the uh comment of the day I love these
every single day we we feature that and
today we have one that says David I was
wondering if you could do a video on
your workout routines and nutrition
generalities do a lot of Fitness of the
economy or lack thereof but sometimes we
need to start at our own health thanks
and absolutely I would love to do one of
those perhaps in the coming days weeks I
should do so um it'll be a nice change
of pace but I wanted to say that yes in
fact health is important we need to do
what we can we need you know emotional
side physical side spiritual everything
it's all playing into what we do and
what we have I appreciate you for being
here today if you did want to appreciate
this information hit that thumbs up
button and as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care